resolves #3 more about git, rename site.yml to antora-playbook.yml (#5)
yuzutech/blog.yuzutech.fr: blog/modules/ROOT/pages/from-gitbook-to-antora.adoc

By default, Antora looks for a file named `index.adoc` in the `ROOT` module.
So if your start page is already named `index.adoc`, you can remove the `start_page` key.

[NOTE]
====
The name of the component is determined from the `name` key in the component descriptor.

> We happened to name the directory the component descriptor is in `book` also, but this does not affect the name of the component.

Reviewer: I don't understand this sentence 🤔
I'm not a native speaker so it might be valid but hard to read in my opinion:

> to name the directory the component descriptor is in `book` also

Author: See if my change makes it any clearer.... I agree it's unclear.

> In this migration guide we have named the directory the component descriptor is in `book` also, but this does not affect the name of the component.

Reviewer: Sorry but I still don't get it 🤔 
"we have named the directory the component descriptor is in `book` also".

We have named the component's directory `book` ?
Component descriptor refers to the `antora.yml` file where we describe the component.

Reviewer: Or we could say that the name of the directory does not matter when we reference the component. Only the name defined in the component descriptor (ie. the `antora.yml` file) matters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this migration guide, the component root directory is named `book` but this does not affect the name of the component (defined in the component descriptor file).
```

Since we are working with a local repository we are using the value dot (`.`). +
The path will be resolved relative to the location of the playbook file.

The `start_path` value points to our documentation component located in the `book` directory (and also named `book`).

[NOTE]
====
For ease of migration, this guide is recommending a particular very simple, but restrictive, layout in a single git repository.

> For a local repository, the -url will be the path from the playbook to the git root.

Reviewer: What do you mean by -url ?

Author: the url key under sources.  See if I've explained it better or if it's still unclear.

> The start_path is the path from the git root to the `antora.yml` component descriptor.

Reviewer: We should use monospaced font for `start_path`

Author: fixed

Since we are working with a local repository we are using the value dot (`.`). +
The path will be resolved relative to the location of the playbook file.

The `start_path` value points to our documentation component located in the `book` directory (and also named `book`).

[NOTE]
====
For ease of migration, this guide is recommending a particular very simple, but restrictive, layout in a single git repository.

> In a playbook `sources` entry, there are two keys expressing the relationship between the playbook, the git repo of the source, and the location of the component descriptor.

Reviewer: I will keep the long form when we talk about the git repository.

```suggestion
In a playbook `sources` entry, there are two keys expressing the relationship between the playbook, the git repository of the source, and the location of the component descriptor.
```

> For a local repository, the `url` will be the path from the playbook to the git root.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a local repository, the `url` will be the path from the playbook to the git repository root.
```

> The `start_path` is the path from the git root to the `antora.yml` component descriptor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `start_path` is the path from the git repository root to the `antora.yml` component descriptor.
```
